hello everybody I'm vegan gains I'm
sorry if my voice sounds unusual or if
the movement of my lips is not really
perfectly in sync with the words that
I'm saying it's because I have a disease
called Canadian anyway I just wanted to
update you all though about what
happened with YouTube deleting my
channel if there's one thing I know it's
not my fault there's no way anyone could
look at this list of Community
Guidelines with concepts like harassment
and think that I was the one violating
them no no no no no no it's somebody
else's fault that's what I have to
explain to you and I don't really know
if I should blame like the corporations
or like the internet or like bad people
in the audience but trust me trust me on
this guys it's not my fault
um I also want to say looking back at
the five years of my life like that just
went past there's nothing I regret no no
it's not it's not like I had the
opportunity of a lifetime hand it to me
for no particular reason and with not
very much effort on my part and I just
threw that away no no no no we're never
forget the last time use my life I don't
think hmm amount of time spent playing
video games versus amount of time doing
legitimate vegan activism versus a
matter of time doing like like
filmmaking cuz like my career on YouTube
is being about no no no no no so in
conclusion everything bad is somebody
else's fault um on Twitter I describe
myself as having like an education
channel did you see that did you see
that when I complain when I made myself
out to be the victim I said that I do
like science education for frickin
Duckett's it's hilarious yeah give me
money bye
[Music]